improve organization and add detail (#40)
tigergraph/gui-docs: modules/graphstudio/pages/write-queries.adoc

* Result, Log and Visualization Panel

== Query Editing Panel
:experimental:

> The Query Editing panel is divided into two sub-panels, one for select a query and the other for displaying the query for editing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Query Editing panel is divided into two sub-panels, one for selecting a query and the other for displaying the query for editing.
```

* *Save*: Save the current query draft.
* *Save as*: Save the current query as a new query under a new name.
* *Install*: Install the query into the database.
* *Run*: Run the query. If the query is not installed, the query will run in interpreted mode. Note there is a performance penalty for running queries in interpreted mode.
** *Run Configuration:* Set the query runtime configurations.
* *Delete*: Delete the selected query and its draft.
* *Show query endpoint:* Show the RESTful endpoint for executing the query. Only installed queries have endpoints.
* *Download:* Download the query as a GSQL file.
* *Discard query draft:* Delete the selected query draft.

=== Create a query or add a query from the algorithm library

To create a new query from scratch, simply click on the "New GSQL Query" button image:upload_file_btn.png[] in the bottom-right corner of the left sub-panel, and type in the name of the new query in the pop-up window.

> By clicking btn:[Choose from library], you can import one of the pre-written xref:graph-ml:intro:index.adoc[TigerGraph Graph Data Science Library algorithms] to perform common graph data science tasks on your data such as pathfinding, community detection, classification, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By clicking btn:[Choose from library], you can import one or more of the pre-written xref:graph-ml:intro:index.adoc[TigerGraph Graph Data Science Library algorithms] to perform common graph data science tasks on your data such as pathfinding, community detection, classification, and more.
```

> * *Run*: Run the query. If the query is not installed, it will run the query in interpreted mode. Note there is performance penalty to run queries in interpreted mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Run*: Run the query. If the query is not installed, the query will run in interpreted mode. Note there is a performance penalty for running queries in interpreted mode.
```

** *Run Configuration:* Set the query runtime configurations.
* *Delete*: Delete the selected query and its draft.

> * *Show query endpoint:* Show the RESTful endpoint to execute the query. Only installed queries can see their RESTful endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Show query endpoint:* Show the RESTful endpoint for executing the query. Only installed queries have endpoints.
```

> * *Download:* Download the query as a gsql file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Download:* Download the query as a GSQL file.
```

* *Discard query draft:* Delete the selected query draft.

=== Create a query or add a query from the algorithm library

> To create a new query from scratch, simply click on the "New GSQL Query" button image:upload_file_btn.png[] in the bottom-right corner of the left sub-panel, and type in the name of the new query in the popup window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new query from scratch, simply click on the "New GSQL Query" button image:upload_file_btn.png[] in the bottom-right corner of the left sub-panel, and type in the name of the new query in the pop-up window.
```

=== Install Query

Saving a query enables the "Install Query" button image:publish_btn.png[].
Click it to install the query, a process which will take about a minute.
This improves performance compared to running a query in interpreted mode.

image::install_query_progress.png[]

== Run Query

To run the query, click on the "Run" button  image:run-installed-query.png[image] in the toolbar.
If the query has no parameters for you to set, it will run immediately and the result will be shown in the Result panel.

image:write-queries-run-query-installed_3.3.png[image]

If the query does have input parameters, then the "Enter query parameters" pane will open on the left side of the query editing sub-panel.
If there are several parameters, you may need to scroll down to see them all. After entering in all the values you wish to use, click the btn:[Run query] button at the bottom of the pane.

The query will be executed, and the results will be shown in the Result Panel.

image:write-queries-run-install-query-with-param_3.3.png[image]

== Run Configuration

> You can set runtime configurations of the GSQL query by clicking the small downward-pointing arrow button image:3.9.png[image] to the right of the Run Query button. A drop-down menu will appear with the btn:[Run Configuration] button; click this button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set runtime configurations of the GSQL query by clicking the small downward-pointing arrow button image:3.9.png[image] to the right of the Run Query button. A menu will appear with the btn:[Run Configuration] button; click this button.
```

=== Save Query Draft

Click the "save" buttonimage:save_btn.png[]in the toolbar to save changes as a draft.

> This is separate from installing a query, allowing you to save your progress if you navigate away from the GraphStudio page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A query draft is saved as is, regardless of syntax or semantic errors.  Draft queries are not installed.
```

=== Save as

Click the 'Save as' button to save the current query as a new query under a different name. 
After saving a query as another query, you will be redirected to the new query, and the original current will return to its last saved state.

=== Run Query in Interpreted Mode

You can run a query in interpreted mode if you have saved it as a draft without errors.
Click the run query button image:start-loading-button.png[].

> Together with the query execution result, a warning message will appear to notify you of the performance concerns running the query in interpreted mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Together with the query execution result, a warning message will appear to notify you of the performance concerns of running queries in interpreted mode.
```

To speed up the query performance after you are satisfied with the query, follow the instructions in the next section to install the query.

=== Install Query

Saving a query enables the "Install Query" button image:publish_btn.png[].
Click it to install the query, a process which will take about a minute.
This improves performance compared to running a query in interpreted mode.

image::install_query_progress.png[]

== Run Query

> To run the query, click on the "run" button  image:run-installed-query.png[image] in the toolbar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the query, click on the "Run" button  image:run-installed-query.png[image] in the toolbar.
```

Reviewer: I checked the Write Queries page, and the tooltip text for the top menu buttons is consistently capitalized in "Sentence" style: The first word is capitalized; subsequent words are not.  This doc page is not so consistent. Please capitalize all the button names correctly.

If the query has no parameters for you to set, it will run immediately and the result will be shown in the Result panel.

> 

Reviewer: If the query does have input parameters, then the "Enter query parameters" pane will open, on the left side of the query editing sub-panel.  If there are several parameters, you may need to scroll down to see them all. After entering in all the values you wish to use, click the "Run query" button at the bottom of the pane.

== Run Configuration

> You can set runtime configurations of the GSQL query by clicking the small downward-pointing arrow button image:3.9.png[image] to the right of the Run Query button, then a drop-down menu will appear with the btn:[Run Configuration] button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set runtime configurations of the GSQL query by clicking the small downward-pointing arrow button image:3.9.png[image] to the right of the Run Query button. A drop-down menu will appear with the btn:[Run Configuration] button; click this button.
```

image:write-queries-use-default-timeout_3.3.png[image]

This opens the Run Configuration panel, where you can set the GSQL query timeout.

> By default, it uses the timeout specified with gadmin server commands in the TigerGraph configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, it uses the timeout specified by the <parameter name> in the TigerGraph server configuration.
```

> See the xref:tigergraph-server:system-management:management-commands.adoc[TigerGraph Server Command Glossary] for more information.

Reviewer: This is not sufficiently helpful.  I scanned the list of hundreds of configuration parameters. I can't tell which parameter I would set.

If you want to install all queries that you haven't installed yet, click the "Install all queries" button image:install_all_queries.png[image] in the GSQL Queries toolbar. 

This is useful if you have imported several queries from the Graph Data Science library and want to install them all at once before running them.

> A popup window listing all queries to be installed will appear:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A pop-up window listing all queries to be installed will appear:
```
